# 0x02-functions_nested_loops
This directory contains some certain files on C programming language, that will be compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using the options -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89

## Tasks
### 0. \_putchar
- Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
	* The program should return 0

### 1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game
- Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
	* Prototype: void print_alphabet(void);
	* You can only use _putchar twice in your code

### 2. 10 x alphabet
- Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

### 3. islower
- Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

### 4. isalpha
- Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

### 5. Sign
- Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

### 6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
- Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

### 7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them that's important
- Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

### 8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
- Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

### 9. Learn your times table
- Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

### 10. a + b
- Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

### 11. 98 Battery Street, the OG
- Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

### 12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
- Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

### 13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
- If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

### 14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
- Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

### 15. Even Liber Abbaci
- Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

### 16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
- Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
